TRANSCRIPT VIDEO YOUTUBE: WODnqHPLR38
Judul: Claude Code Just Changed YouTube Forever!
Channel: Danny Why
Sumber: auto-generated caption (en) via yt-dlp
============================================================

Kind: captions
Language: en
All right, so I just found a faceless
YouTube channel that was created just 2
months ago. Now, the goal of this video
was to see if I can recreate this
channel by using AI. Now, if you want to
learn how to use AI and how to use AI
automation in order to create a YouTube
channel like this one and start your
YouTube journey, in this video I'm
basically going to show you everything.
So, if you want to learn, this video is
for you. So, let's start. Now, the first
thing I want to do is show you the
channel. So, the channel name is Zen
over here. It's this channel over here.
We can see that this channel has 130,000
subscribers with just 12 videos. If we
click over here to see more, we'll see
that the total number of views is 14
million. Now, it shows us that the
channel was created like 12 years ago in
2014, but if we click on the videos and
we click on the oldest upload, which is
basically the first upload, we will see
that the first upload was made 1 month
ago. So, this channel started posting
videos just 1 month ago. And in just 1
month, we can see over here the VidIQ
stats, it's showing us that this channel
is making $61,000 a month, which is
absolutely insane. If we click over here
to see the most popular videos, we will
see that the most popular video was
posted 1 month ago and it has 7 million
views. Another video over here with 3
million views was posted 1 month ago,
1.7 million views 1 month ago. So, this
niche is exploding. This creator over
here is literally going to make $100,000
in literally 2 months of creating
YouTube videos, which is absolutely
insane. Now, as I said in the beginning,
the goal of this video was to see if I
can recreate this channel by using AI as
fast as possible. And as I said, I
managed to do that. You can literally
create videos like these ones over here
in less than 20 minutes by using AI
automation. So, let me show you how to
do it. For this to work, you need to
download CloudCode on your computer. So,
go on your browser and search for
CloudCode like this. Go to CloudCode and
then just download CloudCode on your
computer by clicking over here, get
CloudCode for desktop. Click on this and
then just download CloudCode over here
for Windows or for Mac or whatever PC
you have. Then just install CloudCode.
Now, you also need to create an account
on Cloud. So, make sure you create an
account. So, try Cloud over here, click
on this button, try Cloud, and create an
account. I already have an account, so
I'm not going to show you how to create
an account because that's pretty simple,
right? Just create an account yourself.
Now, once you have Cloud Code installed
on your computer, go ahead and open
Cloud Code, just like this. As you can
see, this is Cloud Code on computer. And
what you want to do is click over here
to the top left on Code. Make sure
you're not on Co-work, you're not on
Chat, you want to be on Code. Now, in
order for us to be able to automate the
creation of these videos, we need to
install the Hicksfield skill. For that,
I want you to go back to your browser
and search for Hicksfield over here. Go
to Hicksfield and create an account.
Once you've created an account on
Hicksfield, I want you to click over
here where it says MCP and CLI. Once you
click on this, make sure you click on
CLI over here. Then, what I want you to
do is copy this first command over here
just by clicking on it. Then, over here
on your search bar on your computer,
type terminal like this, terminal. Click
on it, and then paste this command over
here and hit enter. Once you hit enter,
it's going to install the CLI. Then,
what I want you to do is go back to
Hicksfield, copy the second command over
here, copy it, go back to your terminal,
and paste the second command, and press
enter. It's going to ask you to
authorize access to Hicksfield with your
computer. So, basically, you need an
account on Hicksfield. Then, you have to
go back to Hicksfield and copy this last
command over here, which will install
the Hicksfield skill, which will help us
generate these images. So, copy this
command, go back to your terminal, paste
the command, press enter, and install
the skill. It's really that simple. Now,
I'm not pressing enter because I've
already installed those things, and it's
actually pretty simple. As you can see,
just copy, paste them, press enter,
press enter, press enter, and that's it.
Now, once you have all of those things
installed, we can start creating the
videos. Now, let me show you how to do
that. Now, what you need is the YouTube
script. Now, depending on what type of
videos you want to make, maybe you don't
want to talk about primitive humans,
maybe you want to talk about space, or
maybe you want to talk about aliens, or
maybe you want to talk about animals.
Depending on your niche, you need a
script. You need to create a script for
the video. How you create the script,
it's up to you. You can use AI, you can
hire someone to help you write the
script, you can write the script
yourself, or you can use all these three
things together to write the script.
Once you have the script, you need the
voiceover of the script. And recently,
the way I create my voiceovers is
literally by recording myself in my own
microphone. I don't use 11 Labs anymore
because recently, using 11 Labs, a lot
of channels who have been using 11 Labs
have been getting de- monetized.
Therefore, I've started using my own
voice. But, if you have that English or
you're afraid to speak in the
microphone, or it's too hard for you,
you can hire someone from Fiverr. Now,
once you have the voiceover, what I want
you to do is go to your browser and
search for Turbo Scribe over here. Go to
Turbo Scribe, create an account, or log
in with your Google account, and then
what I want you to do is click on this
button over here which says transcribe
files, and upload the voiceover over
here. Then, click transcribe. Now, the
reason why I recommend Turbo Scribe is
because you get three free generations.
I'm not sponsored by them, I don't have
affiliate links, I simply show it
because they give three free generations
every single day. And that is literally
more than enough to create your YouTube
videos because we literally just need to
transcribe one script a day. So, after
you do that, your script should be over
here. And if you click on it, you will
see that you have your script over here.
Now, in case you're wondering why am I
doing this instead of just sending the
script to Claude, is because I want the
timestamps. What are timestamps? Well,
basically, when you transcribe a
voiceover, you also get the timestamps.
And over here in the script, as you can
see, these are the timestamps. Over
here, we have 0 seconds. Then, we have
over here 7 seconds. Then, we have 15
seconds. Then, we have 23 seconds. These
are timestamps. And the reason we want
them is because this is what's going to
help us automate the entire process of
making the video. Why? Well, because we
can tell Hicks Field, and we can tell
Claude when and at what timestamp to
generate each image. Let me actually
show you how this works. So, go back to
Claude code over here. Now, what I want
you to do is copy this prompt over here.
Let me show you the prompt.
So, this is the master prompt we're
going to be using. As you can see, the
prompt says, "You're going to generate
images for a YouTube script, one image
for every timestamp in the script." This
is the most important part over here,
which says, "One image for every
timestamp in the script." Over here, it
says, "Your job is to read the script
carefully and create a separate image
for each timestamp. If the script has
timestamps like 0 seconds, 3 seconds, 7
seconds, 10 seconds, 12 seconds, 20
seconds, then you must generate one
image for each of those timestamps. This
is the most important part of the
prompt, right? Because this is what's
going to help us automate the process of
creating these videos. Then, over here,
it says the style requirements, and it
says the image must look like it's
extremely simple beginner drawing made
in MS Paint. It should look like someone
who is not good at drawing created it
quickly by hand, right? This part of the
prompt is also super important because
it's telling Hicksfield how the image
should look like, right? And over here,
we have white background, blah blah blah
blah blah, no 3D, no cinematic, blah
blah blah. This is the entire prompt.
What I want you to do is write a prompt
like this one or ask ChatGPT or Claude
to write you a prompt like this one. And
after you write this prompt, I want you
to copy this prompt
and then paste it into Claude code. So,
go back to Claude code over here and
paste this prompt in the message box.
Then, what I want you to do is copy the
script with the timestamps and paste it
below this prompt. So, what I'm going to
do is go back to my script over here.
I'm going to copy this entire script,
but for the purpose of this video, I'm
just going to copy until here because I
don't want to waste too much time and
credits as well. So, I'm going to copy
this, go back to Claude code, and I'm
going to paste the script. Now, all you
have to do is send this message to
Claude code. As you can see, Claude code
is going to run the skill over here, and
this is the Hicksfield skill. Then, it's
going to ask you to allow access to the
terminal a bunch of times. You just
click allow, and once that's ready,
Claude code is going to start generating
the images, as you can see over here,
running skill Hicksfield generate and
it's generating the images. As you can
see, it's asking me to allow access. I
don't think you can see it. Let me ask
Yeah, you can't actually see it because
of my webcam, so I'm going to take my
webcam. So, as you can see over here,
allow once or allow always. Click always
allow. Right? As you can see, now I'll
generate 38 images. Now, it's only going
to generate 38 images because I've
copied just a little part of the script.
If you copy the entire script, it's
going to generate you more than 100
images, which is absolutely insane.
You're You're basically going to have
footage for your video every few
seconds. And this process over here
literally takes you like 10 minutes. And
basically, this is how it looks. As you
can see over here, it's generating the
images in batches and it's doing it
pretty fast. Now, to check your images,
all you have to do is go back to your
Hicksfield account. So, back to
Hicksfield over here. As you can see,
all you have to do is click over here at
the top left where it says image. Click
on this and over here, you should have
all the images that are being generated
right now. As you can see, if I scroll
down, we have all the images for the
script. And they have the exact same
style like that channel. So, if we go
back to this channel and if I click on
one video, let me mute it. I have
YouTube Premium. I have no idea why I'm
receiving ads. So, YouTube is a little
bit sneaky.
As you can see, this is how the videos
look. These are literally just images of
bad drawings. But the secret is that
there's tons of images. As you can see,
the images are changing almost every 2
seconds, almost every 3 seconds. That's
the secret. Now, if we look at the
views, we see was uploaded literally on
April 16, 2026. It has almost 1 million
views, 26,000 likes, almost 3,000
comments, and people are actually
enjoying the videos. And I can scroll
through the video and show you that all
the images look identical. It's the
exact same style we're generating using
Cloud Code and Hicksfield. If I go back
to Hicksfield, we will see that our
images look exactly the same. We have
this image over here. What else we have?
We have these images over here, right?
And what's awesome is that all these
images actually fit with the script
because each image was generated for a
specific timestamp of your script. Now,
let me show you how you can edit these
images super fast. So, what you want to
do is go back to Claude code over here,
and I'm going to stop the process of
generating these images. And basically,
what you have to type is link me the
folder with the images, right? And it's
going to link you the folder where all
these images were created, were stored.
Now, if you get this message where it
says the images are generated on Hit
Film hosted online, not saved locally,
you can ask him to do the following:
Please download these images locally and
make their titles fit with the
timestamp. So, if a an image was created
for 0 0.00 seconds, that's the title of
the image. If an image was created for
0:20,
that's the title of the image. This is
super important because having the
timestamps as the title of the image is
what's going to help us create these
videos super fast because we know
exactly where to place them to actually
sync with the voice over. So, send this
message to Claude, and as you can see,
it's going to create a folder for us,
which is super awesome. Just click
allow, and then it's going to download
all the images for you, which again
automates the work and saves you a lot
of time because even if you have to
download each image, you have to go
click and download, click, download. Not
only that, but they don't have the right
titles, and it's going to be hard to
edit them. This way, Claude code
downloads all the images, but also
changes their titles to fit with the
timestamps. And why that's important is
because we know where to place them on
the timeline when we edit the video. So,
basically, it's going to create you a
folder like this one over here, and as
you can see inside the folder, all the
images are going to slowly start to be
downloaded. As you can see, this is the
first image, now the second one. So,
basically, how you edit the video now,
it's super straightforward. You open
your video editing program over here,
and if I hit play, you can listen to the
voiceover.
&gt;&gt; Imagine waking up at 2:00 a.m. and not
reaching for your phone.
&gt;&gt; to do is select all the images
&gt;&gt; Cloud Cube is generating in the folder.
&gt;&gt; Just absolute darkness.
&gt;&gt; timeline.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; And now, basically, based on the title
of the image, this one over here is 0
seconds, you add it until 7 seconds over
here. Because the next image should
start at 7 seconds. As you can see, the
sec- the second image says 0.07, which
is 7 seconds. Then, the third image
starts at 0.15 seconds. That means we
need to drag the second image until 15
seconds over here. We can see over here.
Then, we're going to drag the third
image, and when is the fourth image
going to appear? It's going to appear at
23 seconds. So, we're going to drag this
image until 20 3 seconds. Just like
that. Then, we add the next image, and
we're going to drag it until 29 seconds
because the next image is going to
appear at 29 seconds. And basically,
editing the video like this is going to
literally take you 10 minutes. Like,
it's super easy. AI is doing most of the
work. Now, if I hit play, you will
notice how the voiceover syncs with each
image without me needing to listen to
the voiceover and spending hours
thinking and editing.
&gt;&gt; Imagine waking up at 2:00 a.m. and not
reaching for your phone. Just absolute
darkness. You listen
for 300,000
years.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, that's how you can create
these videos by using AI automation.
Now, if you're struggling to grow on
YouTube, if your videos get zero views
or 50 views or 200 views or they can't
get past 1,000 views, you might want to
watch this video over here because
inside this video, I explain why some
channels feel shadowbanned, why some of
you think YouTube is shadowbanning you
and literally ignoring your channel. So,
if you want to learn about the algorithm
and how to escape that, you might want
to watch this video over here.